huhummm
Aaaan ohhhh
I think like the piece that my teacher assigned me
humm
Do you know Cha-Sung's poem?
oh yeah yeah yeah she recommended that and then i think also like
to go on
would be..Yeah? Yeah?
ssshh...
Hmmm
Haaa...
It is. Oh, really?
yes
Yes, yes.
Aaahan
I feel like if you're like at a certain level...
that's when you play that's what my teacher told me
Cuz like everyone plays it in France, but like barely anyone
plays at least Chanson, like Tigon more often, but yeah.
mmmm
oh Really?
I think I've only seen high schoolers.
Haaa...But they were like there you go they went to like Julliard Columbia
so they're like also you know those kind of yeah yeah
What about you?
Yeah
Oh!..hoo..haa
yeah
Uh-oh.
We were talking about that too. Yeah, yeah.
ha uhhhhh
When you ask, I learned this. I learned my lesson, but don't directly ask.
like what do you think like you should ask like how much time do you think it would like take for me to like
reach this piece that I want to play so it's like he feels like
He's controlling the conversation and the input, rather than like, it's just you.
Yeah, he doesn't like when you discuss with other people before coming to him.
Yeah, cuz that's
mmm yeah yeah
yeah
sshhhh
Jihyo's like pretty open with like whatever.
She's like way more open, but I think unless it's like
For example, like me jumping to Brahms right now, obviously it's like, I know.
But like, other than that, she's like really (***) good.
They have to like discuss, they have to like get together in order for me to start something.
mmmmm
mam
Yeah, yeah.
ohhhh
hahaaaaa
yeah
I feel like...masters, you're like a master student too.
I feel like they would let you have more input.
haa